our skin flaws hiding your true beauty
introducing true cover redefined the
beauty breakthrough that goes beyond any
makeup concealer or foundation you've
ever used look how to cover erases
impossible to cover imperfections like
embarrassing acne deep facial scars
eczema psoriasis and rosacea dark
under-eye circles and even tattoos if
true cover redefined can completely hide
these large dark blemishes imagine how
it can give you all the coverage you
need no matter how minor your complexion
problems yet it still feels light as air
you'll look so beautiful and feel more
confident than ever all new true cover
adapts to match your skin's pigments
seamlessly and conceals the look of any
imperfection without a trace true covers
secret is in the luxurious satin spheres
that blur any imperfection filling in
lines and wrinkles for smoother looking
skin while light inflecting pigments
give you a soft dewy complexion it
matches your skin tone so perfectly you
can't tell where skin ends and to cover
begins and once you have flawless
looking skin on your face use true cover
redefine to beautify your body to WoW
her skin looks perfect all over her body
but watch when she removes true cover
she's covered in tattoos and you never
knew amazing smooth away imperfections
on your decolletage make hands look
years younger cover embarrassing stretch
marks even disguise large port wine
stains with to cover redefined you never
have to worry about a rubbing off on
clothes because it's smudge smear and
water-resistant where it's swimming or
exercising it lasts all day without
touch-ups only true cover redefines can
do all of this cover skin claws on your
face and body
Speirs to blur imperfections adapts to
match your skin tone infused with
natural botanicals and moisturizers is
hypoallergenic and dermatologist tested
water and smudge resistant dispenses in
a bacteria resistant airless bottle so
say goodbye to embarrassing skin flaws
call now to experience the complexion
perfecting power of true cover redefined
choose from fair for porcelain
complexions natural for medium skin
tones rich for olive toned skin or
coffee for deeper skin complexions and
get the complimentary two-in-one
concealer compact to neutralize trouble
spots with just a DAB yours free order
now and we'll give you our botanical
enriched makeup remover and cleanser
absolutely free it's specially
formulated to gently remove true cover
and keep your skin feeling fresh and
squeaky-clean you get it all a $100
value for only three easy payments of
just 1995 but wait D one of the first
500 callers to order and we'll send you
a second bottle of true cover redefine
free just pay shipping and handling it
gets better call right now and we'll
make the last payment for you so you get
two bottles of Tru cover redefines fit
two and one concealer compact and the
true cover botanical cleanser for only
two easy payments of just 1995 when you
call be sure to ask your operator how to
get the incredible true cover redefine
legs it instantly covers veins sunspots
bruising and of Barris accelya light and
helps your legs of your years younger
that's right you get it all a true cover
redefine Total Beauty package for only
two easy payments of just 1995 look
fantastic flawless and forever beautiful
order now